docs: Update theming docs. (#1231)
google/A2UI: docs/guides/theming.md

## The A2UI Styling Philosophy

> A2UI follows a **renderer-controlled styling** approach by default, but allows for flexibility through catalogs:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A2UI follows a **renderer-controlled styling** approach protecting the client's design system.  You end up with a balance of flexibility and control, with agents selecting, composing, and configuring front end components.
```

Author: This is not entirely true, the configuration of the front-end components for now happens mostly on the client itself, not from the agent.

The client renderer maps these semantic hints to actual visual styles based on your theme and design system.

### `theme` property

> The A2UI protocol allows for an arbitrary `theme` property in the `createSurface` message. This property is defined as `z.any().optional()` in the Zod schema, meaning the agent can pass any JSON structure that the client renderer and catalog understand.

Reviewer: anything for Flutter?  (optional)

Author: I can't find support for this in the flutter/genui repo right now, maybe I should pull this section of the docs for now?

* See the schema definition in [server-to-client.ts](https://github.com/google/A2UI/blob/main/renderers/web_core/src/v0_9/schema/server-to-client.ts#L31).

> * See the `Catalog` class and `themeSchema` in [catalog/types.ts](https://github.com/google/A2UI/blob/main/renderers/web_core/src/v0_9/catalog/types.ts#L147).

Author: No, because this is going to be deployed in a2ui.org and I'm not sure if the build process resolves thoses links to github.

> * See the `Catalog` class and `themeSchema` in [catalog/types.ts](https://github.com/google/A2UI/blob/main/renderers/web_core/src/v0_9/catalog/types.ts#L147).

Author: These can't be relative, because the docsite is going to be published elsewhere, and I don't know if it can handle relative links to github like that.

> _This may change in the near future! Chime in here: [#1118](https://github.com/google/A2UI/issues/1118)._

Reviewer: ```suggestion
_Want to influence this design? Chime in here: [#1118](https://github.com/google/A2UI/issues/1118)._
```

## Catalog theming

Theming is a responsibility of the catalog implementation. Each catalog can provide whatever theming solution it wants.
As an example, this is how the default *basic catalog* does it:

### The Web Basic Catalog Theming

On the web, the *basic catalog* provided by the default A2UI renderers is themed by overriding CSS variables.

Basic catalog components inject a small stylesheet with default values for these variables. The stylesheet targets
`:where(:root)` so their specificity is minimal, and the host app can override them easily.

For example, to override the primary color, you can simply add this to your app's CSS:

```css
:root {
  --a2ui-color-primary: #ff5722;
}
```

> See the default styles in [default.ts](https://github.com/google/A2UI/blob/main/renderers/web_core/src/v0_9/basic_catalog/styles/default.ts).

Author: These can't be relative, because the docsite is going to be published elsewhere, and I don't know if it can handle relative links to github like that.

**See some examples per-platform:**

- [Lit samples](https://github.com/google/a2ui/tree/main/samples/client/lit)
- [Angular samples](https://github.com/google/a2ui/tree/main/samples/client/angular)

> - [React samples](https://github.com/google/a2ui/tree/main/samples/client/react)

Author: These can't be relative, because the docsite is going to be published elsewhere, and I don't know if it can handle relative links to github like that.
